[MEMBER A]
Today's the day.
[CHIEF]
Hmm? For what?
[MEMBER A]
Did you forget?
Eden College will announce
the admissions results.
Currently scheduled to be
posted at 1200 hours.
[TWILIGHT]
This is far too stressful.
[YOR gasps]
My gold bracelet just snapped.
Why today of all days?
Huh, coincidence.
[YOR gasps]
Look there, Loid. See that?
Oh, now don't be silly.
You're not superstitious,
are you?
Me? Not really, no.
[ANYA]
Papa.
What's wrong?
I, uh, stepped in poopoo.
[YOR, TWILIGHT chuckle]
[CHIEF] Admissions results
for Eden College?
Ah, part of Agent Twilight's
special mission, yes?
Correct. Known as
Operation Strix.
Peace between East and West
is hanging in the balance.
I'm surprised you're
not more concerned.
[CHIEF] You're not well
acquainted with Twilight,
are you?
[MEMBER A]
Um. No, sir.
[CHIEF]
He's the best in Westalis,
unparalleled in the field,
so there's nothing to
be concerned about.
Soon, he'll tell us that
"The sakura blossoms bloom."
Meaning what exactly?
[CHIEF]
It's a code from the Far East.
Meaning they passed.
[TWILIGHT]
No.
[FAMILIES chattering]
[YOR]
We failed.
[TWILIGHT]
Hey, let's head back home.
Yeah. I'll make some tea.
I'm so sorry.
It's all because I
stepped in that poopoo.
[HENDERSON]
A moment of your time, Forgers?
[TWILIGHT]
Hm?
Master Henderson.
[TWILIGHT]
What is this?
You see the name at the top?
[TWILIGHT]
It's Anya, but...
[HENDERSON] The waiting list
of successful applicants,
confidential, of course.
So she's an alternate?
That's correct.
Once all her
scores were tallied,
your daughter Anya was placed
at the number one
spot on that list.
Which means if any of the
current successful applicants
were to withdraw, she will be
offered their place instead.
But, I mean, after
what happened...
[HENDERSON] Care to guess which
of the creatures on this planet
are the most lethal to humans?
Uh.
Mosquitos!
Therefore, by saving Master Swan
from that brutal
killer in there,
your score increased
tremendously.
That's just ridiculous.
Stand proud, Forgers.
Your family is worthy
of joining our school.
All it takes is one
student to drop out
to clear the way for Anya?
[HENDERSON]
Indeed.
[YOR]
But if no spots open up...
[HENDERSON]
Now, to be candid...
Ah! The Thorn Princess?
What do you want from me?
[YOR] I want one thing,
Secretary Zachry Feiss.
And that would be the
honor of taking your life
on this fine evening.
No! Please, don't kill me!
I have a son! He's only six!
He just passed the application
process for Eden College!
But if something happened to me,
I'm afraid he'd
have to drop out!
I'm aware. That's why
I'm doing this.
Huh?
I need a position to
open up for my Anya.
So you have to die!
[ZACHRY FEISS screams]
[YOR]
No, no, no!
You can't take the life
of an innocent person
because of some school!
What's wrong?
Oh, um, I'm quite all right.
[YOR] I hope you'll
forgive me, Zachry Feiss.
[HENDERSON]
It's no matter.
Every year there are a few that
withdraw for various reasons.
So please, prepare yourselves
for that eventuality.
Master Henderson, thank you.
Forgers, you should also
prepare for the eventuality
that I will not be here
when you arrive.
I was forced to give Swan
a good thrashing...
[TWILIGHT] That pompous man
or this instructor.
I'm not entirely sure
which one will prove
most useful to my mission,
but I have ways to destroy
anyone who'd jeopardize it.
[TWILIGHT] Is there anything
I can do to help?
Elegant attempt at comfort.
I appreciate that.
For now, simply await the call.
♪ I'm gonna get
into that school. ♪
♪ I'm gonna get... ♪
What in the world
is she even doing?
Looks simple to me;
she's doing some kind of
prayer dance get into Eden.
Ah, obviously.
[phone ringing]
[ANYA gasps]
Yes? Speak.
[TWILIGHT]
Yes. I see.
Goodbye, then.
Anya was accepted!
[gasps] Papa! I passed! I passed
I'm so proud of you! Truly!
Me, too!
Thank goodness!
What great news! Go, Anya!
We couldn't have done
it without you.
[doorbell rings]
Hey. She got in, huh?
It's time to party!
News travels fast.
Knowing stuff is my gig.
Oh, hi there! You must
be the missus!
It's a pleasure to
meet you. I'm Franky!
I'm Yor.
Scruffy-head!
[FRANKY]
Let's get this party started!
I'got the booze,
and there's food on the way!
[TWILIGHT] Making yourself
at home, are you?
[FRANKY]
Wow, hard to believe it's all
'cause I stole the answer sheet.
Shut up. They'll hear you!
Huh? What'd you just say?
Is the party pooper
even drinkin'?
Let loose, won't you?
I'm fine.
Can you believe
your daddy told me
he'd buy ya whatever your cute
li'l heart wanted as a reward?
[TWILIGHT]
Hey! I never said that!
Papa! What I really want
is to do something cool!
Hm? Sure thing.
As long as it's something
within reason.
[gasps]
Help, Bondman!
Please, save me!
[COMMANDER]
Good day, or perhaps,
good evening, Bondman.
Unfortunately, Princess
Honey has been kidnapped.
The mission before you today
is to return her to the
castle in one piece.
[BONDMAN]
Princess Honey, wait for me!
[TV ANNOUNCER A]
Infiltrating the castle
is the kingdom's
top spy: Bondman!
Taking down all who
stand in his way,
our hero makes it
to the princess.
[BONDMAN] Sweet Princess Honey!
I've come to save ya!
[PRINCESS HONEY]
Bondman!
[TV ANNOUNCER A] Once again, the
castle was filled with peace...
That's what I wanna do, Papa.
I don't get it.
What? Just tell me.
Play "save Anya
from the castle"!
Nuh-uh, no way.
[FRANKY]
You're such a big meanie!
If you don't do this for me,
I'm not going to school!
[TWILIGHT]
You don't speak for her.
[FRANKY]
Oh, wow. That's Newston Castle.
Word is it was
recently remodeled
into some cartoon's theme park,
so that's gotta be it.
It's rigged with traps
like in the show,
and you can rent the place out.
Hey, Loidy-boy, the government
doesn't have eyes over there,
so you can let loose
for once in your life
and have what we like
to call "fun."
I don't know.
Anya worked so hard to pass.
Getting rewarded is only fair.
You deserve it, don't ya, kiddo?
[TWILIGHT sighs]
[TWILIGHT]
Fine.
[FRANKY]
All right!
We'd better strike
while the iron's hot!
I'm gonna book the castle;
you're in charge of our ride!
[TWILIGHT]
What? You want us to go today?
And I'm handling part of it?
[FRANKY] Of course, you are!
I mean, it's for your daughter!
[sighs]
[gasps]
Message from Twilight.
Code GO005.
He pulled it off.
[MEMBER A]
"The sakura blossoms bloom."
[COMMS ENGINEER A]
He sent another message.
What is it?
[COMMS ENGINEER A]
Our reply?
[CHIEF]
He's the best in Westalis,
unparalleled in the field.
[MEMBER A]
He'll get whatever he needs!
[COMMS ENGINEER A]
Yes, ma'am!
To Falcon in Rhynnick:
Emergency operation
from Twilight.
[FALCON]
Falcon here.
Roger emergency operation
from Twilight, over.
[TWILIGHT]
"Eighteen-thirty hours.
Meet downstream on
the Nein in Rhynnick."
They sure didn't
waste any time.
Just look at it. This castle
is filled with cool stuff!
I'm gonna make a quiz!
Yeah, that's a great idea!
Whoa! Holy--!
[ANYA] It's so neat! I've
never been on a plane before!
[TWILIGHT]
There you go.
Do I look cool?
[TWILIGHT]
Extremely.
[YOR]
This is amazing, Loid!
Where'd you get this
li'l plane from anyway?
It's just so adorable!
This?
A couple of my
esteemed colleagues
are letting me borrow it.
[YOR] Thanks for bein' so cool
to my man all the time.
Seatbelts on,
all right? Here we go.
[FRANKY, ANYA]
Let's fly!
[ANYA]
Ah! This is super cool!
[FRANKY]
Yahoo!
[YOR]
Ooh, so pretty.
It looks like a big
ol' treasure chest.
Papa, you're so cool!
[FRANKY]
Look! There it is!
[gasps]
[FRANKY]
Ah, crap!
[ANYA]
It's a real-life castle!
[TWILIGHT]
Hey, settle down!
We're landing, so please make
sure you're buckled in tight.
[ANYA]
We're in Anya's castle!
[TWILIGHT]
You're not a kid, Franky!
This is the best, you know.
[TWILIGHT]
Hm? What's the matter?
[ANYA]
It's not right.
[TWILIGHT]
Not right, how?
[ANYA] Without enemies and
maids and stuff like that,
it's just a big empty house.
Feeling sad now.
I don't think I can
go to that school.
Yeah, me, too. Not very
castle-y, huh, Anya?
Guess your daddy better
step up his game.
A message from Twilight.
He's requesting
some more agents.
As many as we can send.
This will be a true
test for WISE.
[COMMS ENGINEER A] Attention,
all agents in Ostania.
Report to Newston Castle
for an emergency operation.
This is an extremely
important assignment
regarding Operation Strix.
Mission rank is over double S.
Repeat: This is an extremely
important assignment
regarding Operation Strix.
Mission rank is over double S.
[ANYA gasps]
[AGENT C] That's really
Twilight, isn't it?
[AGENT D]
I gotta get his autograph.
The agency really comes
through for ya, huh?
Give 'em the rundown, won't ya?
Leave everything else to me!
[sighs]
If that's how it is.
[TWILIGHT]
Evening.
I appreciate you all coming
tonight. Anya does, too.
[AGENT E]
Morse code.
[AGENT F]
"I need you to listen quietly."
[AGENT D]
Whatever you say, Twilight!
We'll be doing a bit
of roleplaying,
with you posing as enemies
of a spy on a mission
to save a beautiful princess.
[AGENT E] This makes
absolutely no sense to me.
[AGENT F]
A rather strange request,
but I trust Twilight
has a plan in mind.
Once again,
thank you every much.
My daughter's going to love it.
[FRANKY]
Now!
Ladies and gentlemen,
meet the cast!
Starting with our big star!
Princess Anya!
This is the spy man
who's gonna save me!
Loidman!
And the big boss of the baddies,
Count Scruffy-head!
And Mama! She's, uh, whatever.
Huh?!
And now, Count Scruffy-head
demands action
from my loyal minions!
By all means, get out there
and sell this performance.
So don't be afraid to really
go after Loidman, okay?
Uh, wait--
[AGENT D] I've never even heard
of a mission over double S.
It's gonna be super important
to get this right.
And we're up against
Twilight, of all people!
[AGENT E] I've been waiting
for something like this.
[FRANKY]
In fact!
How you try to jam him up
will be your choice?
Just give it your all!
The success of this operation,
and the future of our world,
is in your capable hands!
[TWILIGHT]
Where is he going with this?
My loyal minions!
Protect Anya at all costs!
And make Loidman suffer
as much as possible!
Hope you guys are ready.
It's time to go!
[AGENTS]
Roger!
[FRANKY laughs]
Now, Princess Anya's mine.
If you want her back,
you'd better get it in gear!
[ANYA]
Please save me, Loidman.
Wait, we're going already?
Oh.
[ANYA]
Hey!
[FRANKY]
All right, Loidman.
If you want to save
the princess,
you must make your way through
my many fiendish obstacles!
First up, we have a quiz
in the courtyard
that was devised
by Anya herself!
So pay attention,
and if you fail,
you'll be putting that on!
Huh? That's--
Yes! Your very own
Bondman costume!
[ANYA]
So cool!
[FRANKY]
Question one:
What does Princess Anya
like about Bondman?
[TWILIGHT]
Uhh... His face?
Bzzt!
I like that he has a
pistol with a silencer!
[TWILIGHT]
Really?
How sad.
Can't believe her own Papa
doesn't even know
that about her.
Next one!
[FRANKY] What's Anya's favorite
food in the whole world?
[TWILIGHT]
Peanuts!
Ooh! He got it!
Way too easy.
Final question!
Get it wrong and that mask is
going on your face, Loidman!
[TWILIGHT]
Then I'd better get it right!
This one's a doozy.
What does Anya want more
than anything right now?
[TWILIGHT]
What does she want right now?
[FRANKY]
Five! Four!
[TWILIGHT] You didn't say
there'd be a time limit!
I'm sayin' it now!
[TWILIGHT]
Focus.
What does Anya want right now?
What does she want?
She wants Bondman's spy gear!
Well, Anya, is he right?
What I want now...
I want some water
'cause I'm thirsty!
You got it wrong!
[TWILIGHT]
How could I know?!
[FRANKY]
Them's the breaks!
Time to make good on
your part of the deal.
[ANYA]
This is gonna be so cool.
I'm gonna get to see
the real Loidman, yay!
Ah! It's Loidman!
Alrighty! On to the next stage!
[TWILIGHT]
Hold on!
[ANYA]
Loidman, help!
[FRANKY] You wanna save
the princess, right?
Well, then get up here!
[FRANKY laughing]
Oh, wow!
Look at him go.
[ANYA]
Yay, Loidman. So cool!
Oh, I am just getting started.
[ANYA]
Oh, no. Save me, please.
[TWILIGHT]
What a pain.
[ANYA]
Loidman! Up here, up here!
You see me?
They just keep coming.
[ANYA]
Ah! Amazing!
Come on, minions! Stop him!
Let them hit you a little, Loid!
[FRANKY grunts]
Now, I'm real angry!
You won't get me that easily!
Uh?
[FRANKY]
Buh-bye!
[ANYA]
Save me, Loidman.
Loidman, you're so cool!
[FRANKY laughs]
I'm impressed you got
this far, Loidman!
But you won't have the princess!
[ANYA]
Loidman! Please, save me!
[TWILIGHT] They're really
going to make me act out
this silly little play in front
of all of these agents?
I have no choice.
The mission depends on it.
[TWILIGHT] Um. Hand over
the princess, fiend.
[AGENTS]
Ooh!
[AGENT D]
I can't believe we get to see
Twilight's acting
skills for real!
[FRANKY laughs]
You fool! I said this
wouldn't be easy!
[ANYA gasps]
[FRANKY]
Meet your doom!
Behold Yorticia!
The powerful witch.
Who will literally take
your breath away!
[TWILIGHT] A witch?
This plot needs some focus.
[TWILIGHT]
Wait, what's going on here?
[YOR] Those who'd dare to hurt
Anya will pay the price.
It'll cost you your life!
[TWILIGHT]
Yor! Calm down.
[TWILIGHT] Are witches
supposed to be this good
at hand-to-hand combat?
[TWILIGHT]
She might actually kill me!
[TWILIGHT grunts]
Uh, Yor, you okay?
[FRANKY laughing]
Nicely done getting
this far, Loidman!
But it'll take more to beat me!
[ANYA]
So cool!
Um. Here to save you,
Princess Anya.
[ANYA]
Papa!
Wait, are we done
pretending now?
[AGENTS crying]
[ANYA]
So sparkly!
[AGENTS cheering, clapping]
Well done. Anya!
Yay, Anya...
I'm so proud of you...
[TWILIGHT]
What is this?
[ANYA]
Since I left the orphanage,
life has been so exciting.
Thank you, Papa!
[TWILIGHT]
Well, I'm happy for you.
I promise, I'll do
my best at school!
I know.
Anyway, congrats.
You got into Eden.
[groans]
Agent Twilight's expense report.
[CHIEF]
Are these numbers real?
Yes, sir, they are.
--[CHIEF] But--
--They're real!
[inaudible]